# 2
CS 210 
1. In the project that was submitted for module five, the task was to create a program that converted the temperature that was given from Fahrenheit to Celcius. It was solving the problem that the current data only included the average temperatures for the given cities in Fahrenheit with no way to convert them to Celcius.
2. I felt that one thing that I did well with this code is that it was short and simple to use. I felt that it approached the problem directly and wasn't particularly complex.
3. I feel that I could enhance my code by adding more features or styles to the code. While the code accomplishes the task, it could be more efficient and secure by adding more failsafes or styling options.
4. I found that the most challenging part of the project was declaring a variable to point to the file that the it would be written to. Converting the temperature from Fahrenheit was simple enough but then converting it to a text file came with some challenges. I overcame this obstacle by reviewing the material in the textbook and with constant trial and error. As I reviewed material, I attempted to implement it into the code and test the code. When I was hitting a wall, I looked for examples of similar code and how they approached this. I found tools like youtube and stack overflow to be helpful.
5.  One skill that I found helpful was converting data to a text file. This can be used for other projects that take in data and require the data to be converted to a text file. It can be used for other analytic projects like financial reports or statistics
6. I felt that the program was readable because it was simple and short. It can be understood by others who know C++. It is adaptable because it is robust and can be altered to include other functions.
